Enable GitLab CI on Tioga and Dane (#595)
LLNL/sundials: doc/shared/sundials/Install.rst

   .. note:: This option is triggered only if MPI is enabled (``ENABLE_MPI`` is ``ON``).

.. cmakeoption:: MPIEXEC_PREFLAGS

   Specifies flags that come before the MPI executable, but after ``MPIEXEC_EXECUTABLE``,
   ``MPIEXEC_NUMPROC_FLAG``, and ``MPIEXEC_MAX_NUMPROCS``.

   Default: none

   .. note:: This option is triggered only if MPI is enabled (``ENABLE_MPI`` is ``ON``).

.. cmakeoption:: MPIEXEC_POSTFLAGS

>    Specifies flags that come after the MPI executable but before any other program arguments.

Reviewer: Minor rewording to avoid confusing the "MPI executable" with `mpiexec`
```suggestion
   Specifies flags that come after the executable to run but before any other program arguments.
```
